style(Alerts): Made some changes to the intro sentences (#11985)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/new-relic-solutions/best-practices-guides/alerts-applied-intelligence/alerts-best-practices.mdx

  - /docs/new-relic-solutions/new-relic-solutions/optimize-your-cloud-native-environment/set-proactive-alerts-align-teams-tools-processes-incident-response/
---

> With alerts, you can start detecting issues before they turn critical. [Create and customize your alerts conditions](/docs/alerts-applied-intelligence/new-relic-alerts/get-started/your-first-nrql-condition/) that focus on exactly what you're most concerned about using NRQL, our New Relic query language. Use alerts to be updated about unusual behavior in your data, route notifications to the people who need to see it, and make effective decisions while knowing the root cause of your issue.

Reviewer: @paperclypse This sentence made it sound like NRQL was what I was concerned about. How about a revision like this:

Using NRQL, our New Relic query language, you can [create and customize your alerts conditions](https://docswebsitedevelop-paperclypsepatch123123.gatsbyjs.io/docs/alerts-applied-intelligence/new-relic-alerts/get-started/your-first-nrql-condition/) that focus on what you're most concerned about.

> Improve your alert coverage by implementing the following our recommendations about how to best use alert response, maintenance, quality, and advanced settings. See our [Alert quality management](/docs/new-relic-solutions/observability-maturity/uptime-performance-reliability/alert-quality-management-guide) guide to know how to measure and improve your alerting quality.

Reviewer: @paperclypse I don't think you need "the following" here.

> Improve your alert coverage by implementing the following our recommendations about how to best use alert response, maintenance, quality, and advanced settings. See our [Alert quality management](/docs/new-relic-solutions/observability-maturity/uptime-performance-reliability/alert-quality-management-guide) guide to know how to measure and improve your alerting quality.

Author: ```suggestion
Improve your alert coverage by using our recommendations about how to best use alert response, maintenance, quality, and advanced settings. See our [Alert quality management](/docs/new-relic-solutions/observability-maturity/uptime-performance-reliability/alert-quality-management-guide) guide to know how to measure and improve your alerting quality.
```
